In this neural network, we simulated a full path of a DTMC for an appropriate inventory model, and use the Monte Carlo method to estimate its corresponding discounted value function. We compared the resulting values with a neural network, and on the mean squared errors. 

## Problem Statement

Inventory Model: Consider a perishable product with a maximum lifetime of L periods. Thus, at the end of period t, there may be leftover inventory of this product with a remaining lifetime j such that $ 1 <= j <= L - 1 $. Any leftover items with 0 remaining life is considered "expired" and will be disposed. Let $X_tj$ be the amount of inventory with remaining lifetime less or equal to j after the "expired items" are disposed, then the system state by the end of the period $t$ is $X_t = (X_{t1}, X_{t2},...,X_{t,L-1})^4$. $X_{tj}-X_{t,j-1}$ is the number of items with remaining lifetime exactly $j \in {2,3,...,L-1}$.
By the end of period $t-1$, after disposing expired items, an order for $Q-X_{t-1,L-1}$ units of new items is placed. At the beginning of period $t$, $Q-X_{t-1,L-1}$ units of new items arrive, bringing the total inventory level to Q. The variable cost $c_v$ per unit is paid when new inventory arrives. A random demand $D_t$ then occurs and is met immediately as much as possible with inventory from oldest to newest. Demand across different periods is assumed to be i.i.d. and follows Poisson distribution with mean $\lambda$. Unmet demand is lost. At the end of period $t$, expired invenory is disposed at cost $c_d$ per unit, and leftover inventory incurs a holding cost $h$ per unit. 
In our model, the selling price $c_p = 1$, variable cost $c_v = 0.4$, disposal cost $c_d=0.1$, holding cost $h=0.1$, and the demand rate is $\lambda=17$. 
